hi you guys so today I will be doing a
very specific tutorial Karen from evil
wigs asked me if I could do a video
showing how I sew down my full lace wigs
so I have this way this is the wig
there's going to be a tag on your wig
that has all the details it's going to
say exclusive to and your name and then
the product information so the number
the color the length 20 inches natural
black color this is the inside of the
cap is full lace wig you got lace on the
back you've got lace in the front and
it's a silk based closure I've never had
one of those before so we'll see how
that works out all I do is simply cut
the lace around the perimeter just cut
around the hairline that is provided
I've cut my lace
the weight fits just fine if you don't
want to stitch it down that's fine but
if you do exercise or if you have a
hectic schedule or if you just kind of
watch your hair on your head
secure for like a week at a time I
personally prefer to stitch my wings
down so here I have two perimeter braids
and they go from the front all the way
to the back and then the rest of my
braids are going straight back we're
going to get a threaded needle this is
my middle part I'm going to leave about
four inches out so I can part it
multiple ways I'm going to come back
here and stitch my hair down in the same
spot do like three stitches to secure it
now we're going to come to the other
side so we're going to go off a little
bit
and so our hair down if you stitch the
lace that's right on the edge onto your
braid then you have a situation where
your lace is going to be sitting like
this
so you want to go under your braid and
then go back and grab some of the lace
that's a little bit further back so that
way it can come forward and you don't
have to worry about going back one inch
back is where the lace is
and what you're going to do now is
you're going to start stitching going
around
I'm just going to get some powder this
is maybelline fit me and it's 360 it's
too dark for my complexion but I'm just
going to put it here or whatever they
did with this closure it looks a lot
lighter than my complexion which is okay
because your scalp is lighter than your
face anyway
but that's why I'm using a darker shade
to help blend this is pretty much how I
do it and I prefer this method because I
love to work out so it's easier for me
to get up and go so get up put on my wig
and go it just gives you this sense of
security that's pretty much it for this
video if you have any questions feel
free to ask and I will talk to you guys
later bye
typically on a regular day I don't wear
makeup I wear makeup for YouTube when
I'm going to work when I'm going to run
errands when I'm doing anything except
filming a video I do not wear makeup